Different location for Trento self-signed certificate (#185)
SUSE/doc-unversioned: trento/migration/systemd-install.md

   ```bash
   systemctl enable --now nginx
   ```
   

> 1.  Copy the generated trento.crt in a location accessible by nginx:

Reviewer: Any reason why you want to put it here ? 
I would suggest to move it in line 357 like it was before :) 
just to keep the key and cert steps together

Author: Because the new suggested location /etc/nginx/ssl/certs only exists once nginx has been installed, right?

Author: Because the new location for the crt file only exists once nginx has been installed, right?

Reviewer: Fair point, it is better to install nginx and then handle the certificates and keys.... 
Actually would it not make sense to reorder the structure of this chapter?

Now we have: 
- Prepare SSL certificate for NGINX
- Install and configure NGINX

to 
- Install and configure NGINX
- Prepare SSL certificate for NGINX

The only thing what the user must do after cp is to: 
Reload Nginx to apply changes:
```
systemctl reload nginx
```

All the other steps basically stay the same, but this is a bit of effort tbh, we are good to go with what you have now, we also could restructure it in the future :)
So up to you :)

Author: I also think that reordering the structure of the chapter is the best way to go.

   
    ```bash

>     cp trento.crt /etc/nginx/ssl/certs

Reviewer: We should be consistent, either we do the command like in line [355](https://github.com/SUSE/doc-unversioned/pull/185/files#diff-b35cbb9532a7b6cd6c3420c3f6c10f9423aab6baa541f33a5e544fa5fe40a709R355) or we change it there. 

The difference is that `cp trento.key /etc/ssl/private/trento.key` specifies a target file name, potentially renaming the file, while `cp trento.key /etc/ssl/private/` clearly copies the file into the directory without changing its name.

Author: ```suggestion
    cp trento.crt /etc/nginx/ssl/certs/trento.crt
```

>     cp trento.crt /etc/nginx/ssl/certs

Author: ```suggestion
    cp trento.crt /etc/nginx/ssl/certs/trento.crt
```

       listen 443 ssl;
       server_name trento.example.com;

>        ssl_certificate /etc/nginx/ssl/certs;

Reviewer: `ssl_certificate /etc/nginx/ssl/certs/trento.crt;  `

We should be specific here

>        ssl_certificate /etc/nginx/ssl/certs;

Author: ```suggestion
       ssl_certificate /etc/nginx/ssl/certs/trento.crt;
```

   If there are issues with the configuration, the output will indicate what needs to be adjusted.

1. If SSL certificates were modified or added, reload NGINX to apply the changes.

   ```bash
   systemctl reload nginx
   ```

## Prepare SSL certificate for NGINX

Create or provide a certificate for [NGINX](https://nginx.org/en/) to enable SSL for Trento.
Instead of creating a self-signed certificate, you use your own certificate. For further information, refer to [OpenSSL documentation](https://www.openssl.org/docs/man1.0.2/man5/x509v3_config.html).

### Option 1: Creating a Self-Signed Certificate

1.  Generate a self-signed certificate:

    > Note: Remember to adjust `subjectAltName = DNS:trento.example.com` by replacing `trento.example.com` with the actual domain name, and change the value `5` to the number of days for the certificate validity. For example, `-days 365` for one year.

    ```bash
    openssl req -newkey rsa:2048 --nodes -keyout trento.key -x509 -days 5 -out trento.crt -addext "subjectAltName = DNS:trento.example.com"
    ```

1.  Copy the generated trento.key to a location accessible by NGINX:
    ```bash
    cp trento.key /etc/ssl/private/trento.key
    ```

> 1.  Create a directory for the generated trento.crt. The directory must be accessible by NGINX:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1.  Create a directory for the generated trento.crt file. The directory must be accessible by NGINX:
```

   
    ```bash
    mkdir -p /etc/nginx/ssl/certs/
    ```

> 1.  Copy the generated trento.crt to the created directory:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1.  Copy the generated trento.crt file to the created directory:
```

   
    ```bash
    cp trento.crt /etc/nginx/ssl/certs/trento.crt
    ```

1. Reload NGINX to apply changes:

   ```bash
   systemctl reload nginx
   ```

### Option 2: Create a signed-certificate with Let's Encrypt using PackageHub repository

> **Note:** Change repository if you use a Service Pack other than SP5. For example: [SLE15 SP3: `SUSEConnect --product PackageHub/15.3/x86_64`,SLE15 SP4: `SUSEConnect --product PackageHub/15.4/x86_64`].

> > Users should assess the suitability of these packages based on their own risk tolerance and support needs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Use packages in PackageHub at your own risk.
```

> > Users should assess the suitability of these packages based on their own risk tolerance and support needs.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Use packages in PackageHub at your own risk.
```

   If there are issues with the configuration, the output will indicate what needs to be adjusted.

1. If SSL certificates were modified or added, reload NGINX to apply changes.

   ```bash
   systemctl reload nginx
   ```

## Prepare SSL certificate for NGINX

Create or provide a certificate for [NGINX](https://nginx.org/en/) to enable SSL for Trento.

> This is a basic guide for creating a self-signed certificate for use with Trento. You may use your own certificate. For detailed instructions, consult the [OpenSSL documentation](https://www.openssl.org/docs/man1.0.2/man5/x509v3_config.html).

Author: Hello @dmpop . Where does exactly "to the very end" mean? The very end of what section?
Also "Instead of creating a self-signed certificate, you use": a "can" or "may" is missing ,night?

### Option 1: Creating a Self-Signed Certificate

1.  Generate a self signed certificate:

>     > Note: Remember to adjust `subjectAltName = DNS:trento.example.com` by replacing `trento.example.com` with your own domain and change the value `5` to the number of days for which you need the certificate to be valid. For example, `-days 365` for one year.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    > Note: Remember to adjust `subjectAltName = DNS:trento.example.com` by replacing `trento.example.com` with your the actual domain name, and change the value `5` to the number of days for the certificate validity. For example, `-days 365` for one year.
```

Author: in "with your the actual domain name", "the" should be removed, right?

    ```bash
    openssl req -newkey rsa:2048 --nodes -keyout trento.key -x509 -days 5 -out trento.crt -addext "subjectAltName = DNS:trento.example.com"
    ```

1.  Copy the generated trento.key to a location accessible by NGINX:
    ```bash
    cp trento.key /etc/ssl/private/trento.key
    ```

> 1.  Create a directory for the generated trento.crt which is accessible by NGINX:
>    

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1.  Create a directory for the generated trento.crt. The directory must be accessible by NGINX:
   
```

    ```bash
    mkdir -p /etc/nginx/ssl/certs/
    ```

> 1.  Copy the generated trento.crt to the previously created folder:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1.  Copy the generated trento.crt to the created directory:
```

   
    ```bash
    cp trento.crt /etc/nginx/ssl/certs/trento.crt
    ```

1. Reload NGINX to apply changes:

   ```bash
   systemctl reload nginx
   ```

> ### Option 2: Create a signed certificate with Let's Encrypt using PackageHub repository

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Option 2: Create a signed-certificate with Let's Encrypt using PackageHub repository
```

> **Note:** Change repository if you use a Service Pack other than SP5. For example: [SLE15 SP3: `SUSEConnect --product PackageHub/15.3/x86_64`,SLE15 SP4: `SUSEConnect --product PackageHub/15.4/x86_64`].
> Users should assess the suitability of these packages based on their own risk tolerance and support needs.

> 

Reviewer 2: What are "these packages"? If you want to warn the reader about enabling PackageHub, then you have to be more direct. Something like: Use packages in PackageHub at your own risk.

Author: @dmpop yes, that is precisely what we are trying to say. I like your suggestion.

> 1.  Add PackageHub if not already added:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1.  Add PackageHub, if it is not already added:
```

    ```bash
    SUSEConnect --product PackageHub/15.5/x86_64
    zypper refresh
    ```

1.  Install Certbot and its NGINX plugin:

    ```bash
    zypper install certbot python3-certbot-nginx
    ```

1.  Obtain a certificate and configure Nginx with Certbot:

    > **Note:** Replace `example.com` with your domain. For more information, visit [Certbot instructions for Nginx](https://certbot.eff.org/instructions?ws=nginx&os=leap)

    ```bash
    certbot --nginx -d example.com -d www.example.com
    ```

>     > **Note:** Certbot certificates last for 90 days. Refer to the above link for details on how to renew periodically.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    > **Note:** Certbot certificates are valid for 90 days. Refer to the above link for details on how to renew periodically.
```

What above link? Just add it here.
